you are in the presence of angels hello
you're in great danger
get out of there now open safe house six
welcome to the Townsend agency I run a
covert group of exceptional women now
you guys are like ladies five we work
outside the rules in secret together you
may not know we exist but we are always
watching you are in the presence of
angels so you might have trained to be
an angel hell yeah
give me my wings
[Applause]
[Music]
sit down and keep your hands where I can
see them really not supposed to be
touching things in here unless you're
supposed to be touching things in here
you're adorable
Jane is that you flirting with a
handsome nerd
the best part is them taking down
international criminals
with you guys
I'm the day drinking that's what I like
the most
[Music]
so I can just take whatever I want
borrow is that an actual rule
[Music]
a vote time we're gonna work
you